+++
template = "page.html"
+++

## Join the conversation

Join Rust Audio on Discord to keep up with audio development within the Rust ecosystem, get help with DSP, collaborate on projects, and everything in-between.

<a class="button" style="margin-top: 1em" href={{config.extra.discord_invite}} target="_blank">Join Discord</a>

---

## Community rules

### Expected Behavior

- Exercise consideration and respect in your speech and actions.
- Attempt collaboration before conflict.
- Refrain from demeaning, discriminatory, or harassing behavior and speech.

### Unacceptable Behavior

- Unacceptable behaviors include: intimidating, harassing, abusive, discriminatory, derogatory or demeaning speech or actions by any participant in our community.
- Harassment includes: harmful or prejudicial verbal or written comments related to gender, sexual orientation, race, religion, disability; inappropriate use of nudity and/or sexual images; inappropriate depictions of violence; deliberate intimidation or stalking; and unwelcome sexual attention.

### Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior

- Unacceptable behavior from any community member will not be tolerated. Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply immediately.
- If a community member engages in unacceptable behavior, the moderators may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and including a temporary ban or permanent expulsion from the community without warning.

More detail on expected behavior in the Rust Audio community can be found in the Berlin Code of Conduct: [https://berlincodeofconduct.org/](https://berlincodeofconduct.org/) [(Mirror)](https://web.archive.org/web/20251004120400/https://berlincodeofconduct.org/en)

We appreciate your efforts to keep this a safe and welcoming community, and again, welcome!

---

## AI policy

### Code contributions

Generative AI is a burden to maintainers due to the advent of low-quality pull requests that this technology enables, as well as the copyright issues it poses. To protect our contributors and community members, pull-requests that are suspected to be generated by AI will be closed, and their authors may be barred from further contribution. What is and isn't AI generated is notoriously difficult to strictly define, so moderators will approach these situations on a case-by-case basis.

As a general guideline, here are some examples of **acceptable AI use:**

1. Generating personal-use documentation to understand a repository. Ensure you have permission from the repository owner.
2. Translation services for communication. We recognize these are valuable to members who do not speak English as a native language.
3. Using AI services to check your own written code, to ask questions about your own written code, or to help spot errors in your own written code.

**Unacceptable AI use includes (non-exhaustive):**

1. AI generation of entire function blocks
2. "Vibe coding" entire pull requests
3. Using AI to generate comments or pull request descriptions (except for translation).

### Discord

Our AI policy extends to our Discord community. The Rust Audio community features a channel to showcase and share your audio-related projects in Rust. We ask that all posters respect the following rules. Posts that break these rules will be removed promptly.

1. AI/"Vibe coded" projects are **not allowed**.
2. Using AI generated imagery or art in a post is **not allowed**, even if it is placeholder.
3. Generated AI music (generating a song based on models of other musicians), is **not allowed** anywhere in the Rust Audio community.
